Document grasp generation scoring better (#370)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/moveit_grasps/moveit_grasps_tutorial.rst

3) Visualize Grasp Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This tool demonstrates several concepts around how scoring works during grasp generation.
It bases the chosen grasp using the following approaches:

>  - *Ideal TCP Grasp Pose*: the generator will bias the chosen grasp based on an input of preferred grasp. This allows you to say, for example, 'I want it to be as close as possible to a grasp that is dead-ceneted on the object'.

Reviewer: I think the ideal tcp grasp pose is only used for orientation. The translation only gets used for visualization

Reviewer: The ideal grasp pose for suction is at the middle of the object, for fingers I believe it is calculated to be the middle of the grasp candidates

Author: Can you make a suggested change of what you mean here?

>  - *Pose-Based Grasp Score Weighting*: Bias certain translation or rotation axes to score higher, by increasing the weight of that specific axis.

Reviewer: nit : This is used for more than translation and rotation. It is also used for grasp depth, finger width, and suction gripper overhang.

 - *Depth-Based Grasp Score Weighting*: Bias a deeper grasp depth (how enveloped the fingers are around the object) over other parameters

>  - *Width-Based Grasp Score Weighting*: Bias a wider finger grasp (how much space is available between the object and the finger pads) over other parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *Width-Based Grasp Score Weighting*: (For parallel finger grippers only) Bias a wider finger grasp (how much space is available between the object and the finger pads) over other parameters
 - *Overhang Grasp Score Weighting*: (For suction grippers only) Bias a suction grasp towards full overlap with the object. This scoring metric uses the square of the percent of the suction region that is in contact with the object. By using the square, suction grippers with multiple suction regions (voxels) bias towards solutions with 100% overlap with one voxel rather than 50% of one and 50% of another.   
```

3) Visualize Grasp Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This tool demonstrates several concepts around how scoring works during grasp generation.
It bases the chosen grasp using the following approaches:

>  - *Ideal TCP Grasp Pose*: the generator will bias the chosen grasp based on an input of preferred grasp. This allows you to say, for example, 'I want it to be as close as possible to a grasp that is dead-ceneted on the object'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - *Ideal TCP Grasp Pose*: the generator will bias the chosen grasp based on an input of a preferred grasp. This allows you to say, for example, 'I want the end-effector to be pointed down left when grasping the object'.
```
